Update overview.md (#291)
oasisprotocol/docs: src/overview.md

representing a replicated application with shared state. 

## Top Features

**Confidentiality**
The Oasis Network is designed to support end-to-end confidentiality and data
ownership, with built-in key management and support for TEEs like Intel SGX —
allowing it to support new privacy-preserving Dapps and services.

**Versatility & Resilience**
The Oasis Network is designed to support a broad range of use cases without
having to go through hard-forks or large updates — helping ensure it can retain
its value and utility for many years to come.

**Performance**
The Oasis Network separates computation from consensus and allows for ParaTimes
to operate in parallel — avoiding issues like computational backlog that have
plagued other networks.

## FAQ

#### Are you a proof-of-stake or proof-of-work platform?

Oasis is a proof-of-stake platform.

Unlike many other proof of stake networks however, we have a different architectural design that separates compute from consensus and allows the system to scale to support transactions with greater complexity than many traditional sharding platforms.

#### Is Oasis a unique platform or built on top of Ethereum?

> Oasis is a unique Layer 1 platform and is not built on top of Ethereum or any other protocol.

Reviewer: I hadn't noticed that we said this before, that "Oasis is not built on top of Ethereum or any other protocol." In practice, it is of course built on many other protocols, notably Tendermint BFT, gRPC, libp2p, and TCP/IP. Now that we're clarifying this, maybe we should remove the "or any other protocol," because I think "Layer 1" is specific enough.

Author: Yep that's a good call out.

# Overview

## What is the Oasis Network?

The Oasis Network is a privacy-first decentralized computing
network.

> The Oasis Network separates consensus services from computation,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Oasis Network separates consensus from computation,
```

making the network highly adaptable while providing top-notch performance.
This unique design has two major core components, the Consensus Layer and
the ParaTime Layer.

* The Consensus Layer: The Consensus Layer is a decentralized set of validator
nodes that operates a proof-of-stake blockchain.

* The ParaTime Layer: The ParaTime Layer is a set of parallel runtimes, each

> representing a replicated application with shared state. 

Author: Got it. @armiller123 mind taking a pass at updating this? Probably good to update in the blog too.

> representing a replicated application with shared state. 

Reviewer 3: How about this:

The ParaTime Layer can host multiple parallel runtimes, each representing a replicated compute environment with shared state.

## Key Features

**Confidentiality**
The Oasis Network is designed to support end-to-end confidentiality and data
ownership, with built-in support for key management and TEEs like Intel SGX —
allowing it to support new privacy-preserving applications and services.

**Versatility & Resilience**
The Oasis Network is designed to support a broad range of use cases without
having to go through hard-forks or large updates — helping ensure it can retain
its value and utility for many years to come.

**Performance**
The Oasis Network separates computation from consensus and allows for ParaTimes

> to operate in parallel — avoiding issues like computational backlog that have
> plagued other networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to operate in parallel — avoiding throughput issues that have plagued other
networks.
```

## FAQ

#### Are you a proof-of-stake or proof-of-work platform?

Oasis is a proof-of-stake platform.

Unlike many other proof of stake networks however, we have a different architectural design that separates compute from consensus and allows the system to scale to support transactions with greater complexity than many traditional sharding platforms.

#### Is Oasis a unique platform or built on top of Ethereum?

> Oasis is a unique Layer 1 platform and is not built on top of Ethereum.

Reviewer 3: Layer 1 --> Layer-1

Author: oddly that's not how people write it
